website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistingtype.md, before:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistingtype
title: AbstractListingType class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->




## Signature

```typescript
export declare abstract class AbstractListingType extends AbstractListingTypeBase
```
**Extends:** [AbstractListingTypeBase](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistingtypebase)

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element, elementName)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistingtype/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a new instance of the `AbstractListingType` class


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>

Commit message:

website re-generate with more api

website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistingtype.md, after:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistingtype
title: AbstractListingType class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->



Abstract base class for processing listing-type XML elements with parsing logic.

## Signature

```typescript
export declare abstract class AbstractListingType extends AbstractListingTypeBase
```
**Extends:** [AbstractListingTypeBase](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistingtypebase)

## Remarks

Extends the base listing properties with comprehensive XML parsing capabilities. This class handles the extraction of code lines and filename attributes from Doxygen XML structures, providing the foundation for program listings and similar code-containing elements.

The parser processes codeline elements whilst ignoring textual content that may appear between structured elements, maintaining compatibility with the mixed-content nature of XML listings.

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element, elementName)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistingtype/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs an AbstractListingType instance from XML element data.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>
