website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlinkedtexttype.md, before:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlinkedtexttype
title: AbstractLinkedTextType class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->




## Signature

```typescript
export declare abstract class AbstractLinkedTextType extends AbstractDataModelBase
```
**Extends:** [AbstractDataModelBase](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractdatamodelbase)

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element, elementName)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlinkedtexttype/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a new instance of the `AbstractLinkedTextType` class


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>

Commit message:

website re-generate with more api

website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlinkedtexttype.md, after:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlinkedtexttype
title: AbstractLinkedTextType class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->



Abstract base class for linked text elements within documentation content.

## Signature

```typescript
export declare abstract class AbstractLinkedTextType extends AbstractDataModelBase
```
**Extends:** [AbstractDataModelBase](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractdatamodelbase)

## Remarks

Implements processing for linked text elements that contain mixed content including both textual content and reference elements. This class handles the XML Schema definition for linkedTextType elements, which support character data interspersed with reference elements that provide cross-linking capabilities within documentation structures.

The implementation processes sequences of text strings and RefTextDataModel instances, maintaining their original order to preserve the intended content flow whilst enabling interactive cross-references within the generated documentation.

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element, elementName)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlinkedtexttype/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs an AbstractLinkedTextType instance from XML element data.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>
