website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistofallmemberstype.md, before:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistofallmemberstype
title: AbstractListOfAllMembersType class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->




## Signature

```typescript
export declare abstract class AbstractListOfAllMembersType extends AbstractDataModelBase
```
**Extends:** [AbstractDataModelBase](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractdatamodelbase)

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element, elementName)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistofallmemberstype/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a new instance of the `AbstractListOfAllMembersType` class


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Properties

<table><thead><tr><th>

Property


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Type


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[memberRefs?](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistofallmemberstype/memberrefs)


</td><td>


</td><td>

[MemberRefDataModel](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/memberrefdatamodel)<!-- -->\[\] \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>

Commit message:

website re-generate with more api

website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistofallmemberstype.md, after:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistofallmemberstype
title: AbstractListOfAllMembersType class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->



Abstract base class for list-of-all-members elements within documentation.

## Signature

```typescript
export declare abstract class AbstractListOfAllMembersType extends AbstractDataModelBase
```
**Extends:** [AbstractDataModelBase](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractdatamodelbase)

## Remarks

Implements processing for list-of-all-members elements that contain comprehensive member reference collections within class and compound documentation. This class handles the XML Schema definition for listofallmembersType elements, which provide complete inventories of all members (including inherited members) associated with classes, structures, and other compound types.

The implementation processes sequences of member reference elements, creating MemberRefDataModel instances to maintain detailed information about each member's identity, scope, and accessibility within the compound's complete member hierarchy.

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element, elementName)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistofallmemberstype/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a new list-of-all-members data model instance.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Properties

<table><thead><tr><th>

Property


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Type


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[memberRefs?](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistofallmemberstype/memberrefs)


</td><td>


</td><td>

[MemberRefDataModel](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/memberrefdatamodel)<!-- -->\[\] \| undefined


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Collection of member reference elements within the list-of-all-members.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>
