website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/codelinedatamodel.md, before:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/codelinedatamodel
title: CodeLineDataModel class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->




## Signature

```typescript
export declare class CodeLineDataModel extends AbstractCodeLineType
```
**Extends:** [AbstractCodeLineType](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractcodelinetype)

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/codelinedatamodel/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a new instance of the `CodeLineDataModel` class


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>

Commit message:

website re-generate with more api

website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/codelinedatamodel.md, after:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/codelinedatamodel
title: CodeLineDataModel class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->



Data model for individual code line elements within program listings.

## Signature

```typescript
export declare class CodeLineDataModel extends AbstractCodeLineType
```
**Extends:** [AbstractCodeLineType](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractcodelinetype)

## Remarks

Represents a single line of source code with optional syntax highlighting, line numbering, and cross-reference information. This implementation processes Doxygen's codeline elements, which form the fundamental building blocks of program listings and code examples within the documentation.

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/codelinedatamodel/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a CodeLineDataModel from XML element data.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>
