website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/locationdatamodel.md, before:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/locationdatamodel
title: LocationDataModel class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->




## Signature

```typescript
export declare class LocationDataModel extends AbstractLocationType
```
**Extends:** [AbstractLocationType](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlocationtype)

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/locationdatamodel/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a new instance of the `LocationDataModel` class


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>

Commit message:

website re-generate with more api

website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/locationdatamodel.md, after:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/locationdatamodel
title: LocationDataModel class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->



Concrete implementation for location elements within documentation.

## Signature

```typescript
export declare class LocationDataModel extends AbstractLocationType
```
**Extends:** [AbstractLocationType](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlocationtype)

## Remarks

Provides specific handling for location XML elements that contain comprehensive source code positioning information. This implementation extends the abstract base class functionality to process location elements with the specific element name 'location'.

The class ensures proper instantiation of location data models whilst maintaining all the detailed positioning information required for accurate source code navigation and reference generation.

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/locationdatamodel/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a new location data model instance.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>
