website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/memberrefdatamodel.md, before:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/memberrefdatamodel
title: MemberRefDataModel class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->




## Signature

```typescript
export declare class MemberRefDataModel extends AbstractMemberRefType
```
**Extends:** [AbstractMemberRefType](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractmemberreftype)

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/memberrefdatamodel/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a new instance of the `MemberRefDataModel` class


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>

Commit message:

website re-generate with more api

website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/memberrefdatamodel.md, after:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/memberrefdatamodel
title: MemberRefDataModel class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->



Concrete implementation for member reference elements within documentation.

## Signature

```typescript
export declare class MemberRefDataModel extends AbstractMemberRefType
```
**Extends:** [AbstractMemberRefType](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractmemberreftype)

## Remarks

Provides specific handling for member XML elements that contain comprehensive member reference information within class and compound documentation. This implementation extends the abstract base class functionality to process member references with the specific element name 'member'.

The class ensures proper instantiation of member reference data models whilst maintaining all the cross-referencing metadata required for accurate documentation linking and navigation between related members within the documentation system.

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/memberrefdatamodel/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a new member reference data model instance.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>
