website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/memberdatamodel.md, before:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/memberdatamodel
title: MemberDataModel class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->




## Signature

```typescript
export declare class MemberDataModel extends AbstractMemberType
```
**Extends:** [AbstractMemberType](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractmembertype)

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/memberdatamodel/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a new instance of the `MemberDataModel` class


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>

Commit message:

website re-generate with more api

website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/memberdatamodel.md, after:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/memberdatamodel
title: MemberDataModel class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->



Concrete implementation for member elements within documentation.

## Signature

```typescript
export declare class MemberDataModel extends AbstractMemberType
```
**Extends:** [AbstractMemberType](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractmembertype)

## Remarks

Provides specific handling for member XML elements that contain simplified member information within various documentation contexts. This implementation extends the abstract base class functionality to process member elements with the specific element name 'member'.

The class represents lightweight member references that serve as cross-reference points to more detailed member definitions, maintaining essential identification data whilst enabling efficient navigation within the documentation system. These elements are commonly used in member lists and summary sections where full member details are not required.

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/memberdatamodel/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a new member data model instance.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>
