website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/paramdatamodel.md, before:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/paramdatamodel
title: ParamDataModel class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->




## Signature

```typescript
export declare class ParamDataModel extends AbstractParamType
```
**Extends:** [AbstractParamType](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractparamtype)

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/paramdatamodel/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a new instance of the `ParamDataModel` class


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>

Commit message:

website re-generate with more api

website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/paramdatamodel.md, after:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/paramdatamodel
title: ParamDataModel class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->



Concrete implementation for parameter elements within function documentation.

## Signature

```typescript
export declare class ParamDataModel extends AbstractParamType
```
**Extends:** [AbstractParamType](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractparamtype)

## Remarks

Provides specific handling for param XML elements that contain comprehensive parameter information within function and method documentation. This implementation extends the abstract base class functionality to process parameter elements with the specific element name 'param'.

The class ensures proper instantiation of parameter data models whilst maintaining all the detailed parameter metadata required for accurate function signature documentation including type information, naming variations, default values, constraints, and descriptive information.

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/paramdatamodel/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a new parameter data model instance.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>
