website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/programlistingdatamodel.md, before:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/programlistingdatamodel
title: ProgramListingDataModel class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->




## Signature

```typescript
export declare class ProgramListingDataModel extends AbstractListingType
```
**Extends:** [AbstractListingType](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistingtype)

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/programlistingdatamodel/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a new instance of the `ProgramListingDataModel` class


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>

Commit message:

website re-generate with more api

website/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/programlistingdatamodel.md, after:

---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via tsdoc2docusaurus by API Documenter.

slug: /api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/programlistingdatamodel
title: ProgramListingDataModel class
custom_edit_url: null
---

<div class="tsdocPage">

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->



Data model for programlisting XML elements containing source code.

## Signature

```typescript
export declare class ProgramListingDataModel extends AbstractListingType
```
**Extends:** [AbstractListingType](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/abstractlistingtype)

## Remarks

Represents program listings that contain source code with optional syntax highlighting and line numbering. This implementation processes Doxygen's programlisting elements, which are commonly used to display code examples, function implementations, and other programming content within documentation.

## Constructors

<table><thead><tr><th>

Constructor


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[(constructor)(xml, element)](/doxygen2docusaurus-cli-ts/docs/api/doxygen2docusaurus/classes/programlistingdatamodel/constructor)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Constructs a ProgramListingDataModel from XML element data.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://xpack.github.io/doxygen2docusaurus">tsdoc2docusaurus</a> 1.3.0 by <a href="https://api-extractor.com">API Extractor/Documenter</a> 7.52.8.</p>

</div>
